(write):This is the mostly asked question these days.
(drawing): Mostly people are confused that Is there any relation between Digital Marketing and Data Science?
Should you necessarily learn Digital Marketing to become a Data Scientist?
Can being expert in Digital Marketing domain ease your way to become a data scientist in the future?

(voice):So, don't worry i am going to answer all your confussions related to this topic.
first we need to talk about what is digital marketing and data science?

 (write):What is digital Marketing?

(write):Digital marketing is  component of marketing that utilizes internet and online based
 digital technologies to promote products and services.

(drawing):Suppose you have developed a product and you want to sell it Now the first question arises in your mind.how can i promote my product digitally

(drawing):In the past people use different method for advertising like showing an Ad in newspaper or displaying sign boards Now technology changes and 
the way of marketing also developed.Now people use Internet for marketing their product 
(drawing):Their are multiple ways to promote your product but the most easiest one is social media marketing..
(voice): If you want to know what is social media marketing then write in coment section.I will discuss it 
in next video 
 
(voice):As i described about data science in my previous video if you don't know about it is then do watch that video before continue this video
(write): so lets get started..
(voice):So, there is no direct link between these two fields. However, once we acquire knowledge in Digital marketing and make efforts to expand our skill sets,
 it may become a little easier to walk on the path of Data Science

(write):Let me explain you with examples..
(write):First Step: Time, Patience And Experimentations 


(drawing):Time, patience and experimentation is the key to successful digital marketing campaigns. Any Digital Marketer would tell you that creating best content for your 
business or ranking on the top of search engine results are their top priority.
(write):How this is related to data science?
(drawing):And as you can guess, all these attributes are required to become a good Data Scientist. Processing Data. Experimenting with algorithms to create a model.
 Deploying models and testing them repeatedly.
(write):So Time is the key to both marketing and data science.

(write):2nd step: Market And Consumers Knowledge

(drawing):Once being proficient in Digital Marketing, we tend to understand how a market works in general.
 Also,when we deal with keywords, we tend to have fairly good knowledge about customer thinking.
(write): How this is related to data science?

(drawing):Since you would need to work for businesses, you become good at understanding business requirements and goals.
 And doing the work becomes a little easy when you know how to do marketing product for your company. 

(write):third step: Exposure To Programming
(drawing): As a Digital Marketer, you may become familiar with Languages like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
 Though it’s not mandatory to have a knowledge of these web-based languages. Everyone should at least get a basic knowledge of HTML and can then decide
 if they want to learn more languages or not.
(write):How can this related to data science?

(voice):Once you develop a little understanding of coding and a solid foundation in any programming language, 
it would become easier to learn languages like R and Python, which are a must for a Data Scientist.

(write):fourth step: Understanding with numbers and data
(drawing):Digital Marketing is all about the end results. The numbers speak everything about your campaigns. 
And a marketer must have the skills to analyze final results and numbers and draw business conclusions.So, Data And Analytics are Part of the digital marketing

(write):How this is related to data science?

(drawing):Working as a digital marketer and making conclusions through analytics, you may develop a fascination with data and numbers.
 And once you have grip about data, learning path becomes much easier.

(write):I hope this will make sense and help you to understand how they are related to each other.
Don't forget to like, coment and subscribe.






